Now i have been inundated with people asked me to do
back to school type recipes or simple snack recipes that take
absolutely no time whatsoever
And i have also had people ask me what is my favorite
snack to make that
requires almost no effort. So today im going to show you one of my
all-time personal favourites that i like to do
especially during hot weather
Now while this isn't a recipe it is a fantastic idea that i know you will love
that i just had to share with you.
and this is just how simple it is on how
to make your own paddle pop
frozen yogurts at home and incredibly healthy to
Of course it comes down to the type of yogurts you want to choose. Im choosing
this one its a ninety eight  percent
fat-free yogurt
So all we have to do is with a knife just make a little cut
just on the top, not to much. Then we are going to grab some paddle pop sticks and i got these
from the bargain shop and
they are very cheap, it works out to about
one cent each. So just put that through
the top
Just place them in the freezer for say four to five hours
until they are completely frozen.  Okay so i have taken them out of the freezer and had them in there over night.
Just going to take the top off. So what i have done is run the outside under a hot water tap
So you should find it will just pop right out. And there we have it and they literally took
ten seconds to make so if you're looking for that
super simple easy
summer treat to make that every one will love kids and adults alike
and with absolutely no work involved what so ever
this is a perfect treat to have a hot day
and honestly even on a cold day.
and depending on which one you choose
its also incredibly healthy
But the best part is you can choose your favourite yogurt so you know its going to
taste simply delicious.
So as i said its not a recipe but it is a fantastic idea
for those people who are looking for
super easy snack to make
that just takes second's. Thank you for watching this episode of Todd's kitchen.
Please check out the links below  to my Facebook
Twitter and home handy hints channel
where i out up three new videos every single week.
And until then please give this video a thumbs up leave a comment and subscribe
and i'll see you next time for another delicious recipe.